Add note about character minimums (#4166)
JuliaLang/Pkg.jl: docs/src/creating-packages.md

       there's no copyright or trademark infringement etc.)

9. Packages should follow the [Stylistic Conventions](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/variables/#Stylistic-Conventions).

>      * The package name begins with a capital letter and word separation is shown with upper camel case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * The package name should begin with a capital letter and word separation is shown with upper camel case
```

To be consistent with the rest of the text (which all use the "should" form)

     * Packages that provide the functionality of a project from another language should use the Julia convention

>      * Packages that [provide pre-built libraries and executables](https://docs.binarybuilder.org/stable/jll/) can keep orignal name, but should get `_jll`as a suffix. For example `pandoc_jll` wraps pandoc. However, note that the generation and release of most JLL packages is handled by the [Yggdrasil](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/Yggdrasil) system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * Packages that [provide pre-built libraries and executables](https://docs.binarybuilder.org/stable/jll/) can keep their original name, but should get `_jll`as a suffix. For example `pandoc_jll` wraps pandoc. However, note that the generation and release of most JLL packages is handled by the [Yggdrasil](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/Yggdrasil) system.
```
